chore(docs): ThemeProvider API documentation (#2711)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/theming/theme-provider/react.mdx

import { Example, ExampleCode } from '@/components/Example';

import { BasicExample } from './examples';

## Usage

Import the `ThemeProvider` and wrap your application with it:

```jsx
import { ThemeProvider } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';

export const App = (
  <ThemeProvider>
    <YourApplication />
  </ThemeProvider>
);
```

> Use the [default theme](./default-theme) to style the components in your app:

Reviewer: Maybe here we could say something about after wrapping their application in a ThemeProvider they have access to theme values in their components. Because that is what the example is showing (regardless of if they use the default theme or not)

<Example>
  <BasicExample />

  <ExampleCode>
    ```tsx file=./examples/BasicExample.tsx
    ```
    
  </ExampleCode>
</Example>

### theme

To create and use your own custom theme, you may pass a [theme object](https://ui.docs.amplify.aws/react/theming#theme-object) to the `theme` prop on the `ThemeProvider`. 

> 

Reviewer: It might be good to add an example here using a custom theme.

import { Flex } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';
import { Example, ExampleCode } from '@/components/Example';

import { BasicExample, CustomThemeExample } from './examples';

## Usage

Import the `ThemeProvider` and wrap your application with it:

```jsx
import { ThemeProvider } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';

export const App = () => (
  <ThemeProvider>
    <YourApplication />
  </ThemeProvider>
);
```

After wrapping your application in the `ThemeProvider`, you have access to theme values in your components. To use the [default theme](./default-theme) to style the components in your app, you can either:
1. Get the theme `tokens` through the `useTheme` hook (e.g., `tokens.colors.blue[80]`)

> 2. Reference the theme `tokens` directly in style props (e.g., `"purple.80"`)

Author: @dbanksdesign Lmk if you'd like to wordsmith any of this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After wrapping your application in the `ThemeProvider`, you have access to all theme values in your components. To style the components in your app, you can either:
1. Get the theme `tokens` through the `useTheme` hook (e.g., `tokens.colors.blue[80]`)
2. Reference the theme `tokens` directly in style props (e.g., `"purple.80"`)
```

<Example>
  <Flex>
    <BasicExample />
  </Flex>

  <ExampleCode>
    ```tsx file=./examples/BasicExample.tsx
    ```
    
  </ExampleCode>
</Example>

### theme

To create and use your own custom theme, you may pass a [theme object](https://ui.docs.amplify.aws/react/theming#theme-object) to the `theme` prop on the `ThemeProvider`. 

- [Theming overview](./theming)

<Example>
  <CustomThemeExample />

  <ExampleCode>
    ```tsx file=./examples/CustomThemeExample.tsx
    ```
    
  </ExampleCode>
</Example>

### colorMode

The `ThemeProvider` accepts a `colorMode` prop which can be `light`, `dark`, or `system`.

> See the [Dark mode documentation](./dark-mode) for a detailed explanation of how to use the `colorMode` prop. 

Reviewer 2: Did you test the link `./dark-mode`? It might prevent future errors if we use `theming/dark-mode`

Author: Yes I tested the link `./dark-mode`
